In this lecture, we are going to allow clients to add images from external sources.
Clients may not want to upload images to their site.
They may prefer to upload their images to a different hosting platform.
We should give them the option of directly linking an image.
Luckily, the media placeholder component can be configured to handle URLs in our editor open the indexed
JS file for the team member block.
Scroll to the media placeholder component on this component and an event called on select URL.
During the initialization of this component.
The component performs a check for a function to handle the on select URL event.
If a function is available, a new option will appear in the component for adding an image via a URL.
Let's pass in an arrow function.
This event is emitted when a URL has been submitted.
We can accept the URL as an argument to the function.
Inside the functions body, let's call the synch attributes function.
We are going to reset the image ID and image alt attributes to their original values.
Lastly, let's set the image URL attribute to the URL argument.
After making those changes, our block will be able to accept image URLs in the browser.
Refresh the Gutenberg Editor.
Next, add the team members group lock.
On the media placeholder component, we have a new option for adding a URL.
We can click on this option to input the URL.
I'm going to quickly grab an image.
After adding the image, the image appears within our block.
Supporting your LS is as simple as adding a single event to the media placeholder component.
The component will handle the rest.
In the next lecture, let's address an issue with our current implementation of the component.